README.md, before:

# Car Shop App 🚗

Welcome to the Car Shop App repository!

This project is a testament to my enthusiasm for learning and applying best practices in software development.
I am confident that the Car Shop App reflects my capabilities!

Thank you for taking the time to explore this project, and I welcome any feedback or suggestions you may have.

I hope we can talk soon! :)

## Features 🌟

- **User-friendly Interface**: Intuitive design for easy navigation.
- **Responsive Design**: Accessible on various devices.

## Technologies Used 🛠️

The Car Shop App is built using the following technologies:

- **React Native**: A popular framework for building cross-platform mobile applications.

- **TypeScript**: A statically typed superset of JavaScript, bringing robust type-checking to the development process.

- **Zustand**: A minimalist state management library for React, providing a simple and efficient way to manage application state.

- **GraphQL (Hygraph CMS API)**: The application leverages GraphQL to interact with the Hygraph CMS API, enabling efficient and flexible data queries.

## Next Steps 🚀

1. **Unit Testing with Jest**: Implement unit tests using Jest to ensure the reliability and stability of the application. Test key components and functions to maintain code quality.

2. **Data Fetching with React Query**: Integrate React Query to streamline data fetching and state management. Optimize the application's performance by efficiently managing remote and local data.

3. **Payment Processing with Stripe**: Explore integrating Stripe for secure and seamless payment processing. Enable users to make transactions within the app with confidence.

4. **Responsive Styling with NativeWind**: Implement responsive design using NativeWind to ensure a consistent and visually appealing user experience across various devices and screen sizes.

## Getting Started 🚀

Follow these steps to get the Car Shop App up and running on your local machine:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/GabrielBarrueco/car-shop-app.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Project Directory:**
   ```bash
   cd car-shop-app
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. **Run the Application:**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```


## License 📄

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments 🙏

**UI Design Inspiration 🎨**

The user interface (UI) design of the Car Shop App is based on the fantastic eCommerce App UI prototype available on Figma. A special thanks to the designers of this prototype for providing a creative and visually appealing foundation for the project.

[Figma eCommerce App UI Prototype](https://www.figma.com/file/sKeOTX5kgpCun5tfnYY6to/eCommerce-App-UI-(Free)-(Community)?type=design&node-id=15-339&mode=design&t=Bv185Id3l8jg5xCP-0)

While the overall structure and layout have been influenced by the prototype, I've customized and adapted the design to suit the specific needs and functionalities of the Car Shop App. This prototype served as a valuable reference, contributing to the aesthetically pleasing and user-friendly interface of the application.

Thank you to the Figma community for providing resources that inspire and facilitate the creative process.

Commit message:

Update README.md with firebase auth info

README.md, after:

# Car Shop App 🚗

Welcome to the Car Shop App repository!

This project is a testament to my enthusiasm for learning and applying best practices in software development.
I am confident that the Car Shop App reflects my capabilities!

Thank you for taking the time to explore this project, and I welcome any feedback or suggestions you may have.

I hope we can talk soon! :)

## Features 🌟

- **User-friendly Interface**: Intuitive design for easy navigation.
- **Responsive Design**: Accessible on various devices.

## Technologies Used 🛠️

The Car Shop App is built using the following technologies:

- **React Native**: A popular framework for building cross-platform mobile applications.

- **TypeScript**: A statically typed superset of JavaScript, bringing robust type-checking to the development process.

- **Zustand**: A minimalist state management library for React, providing a simple and efficient way to manage application state.

- **GraphQL (Hygraph CMS API)**: The application leverages GraphQL to interact with the Hygraph CMS API, enabling efficient and flexible data queries.
  
- Firebase Auth: Integrating Firebase Authentication for secure and seamless user authentication.

## Next Steps 🚀

1. **Unit Testing with Jest**: Implement unit tests using Jest to ensure the reliability and stability of the application. Test key components and functions to maintain code quality.

2. **Data Fetching with React Query**: Integrate React Query to streamline data fetching and state management. Optimize the application's performance by efficiently managing remote and local data.

3. **Payment Processing with Stripe**: Explore integrating Stripe for secure and seamless payment processing. Enable users to make transactions within the app with confidence.

4. **Responsive Styling with NativeWind**: Implement responsive design using NativeWind to ensure a consistent and visually appealing user experience across various devices and screen sizes.

## Getting Started 🚀

Follow these steps to get the Car Shop App up and running on your local machine:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/GabrielBarrueco/car-shop-app.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Project Directory:**
   ```bash
   cd car-shop-app
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. **Run the Application:**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```


## License 📄

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments 🙏

**UI Design Inspiration 🎨**

The user interface (UI) design of the Car Shop App is based on the fantastic eCommerce App UI prototype available on Figma. A special thanks to the designers of this prototype for providing a creative and visually appealing foundation for the project.

[Figma eCommerce App UI Prototype](https://www.figma.com/file/sKeOTX5kgpCun5tfnYY6to/eCommerce-App-UI-(Free)-(Community)?type=design&node-id=15-339&mode=design&t=Bv185Id3l8jg5xCP-0)

While the overall structure and layout have been influenced by the prototype, I've customized and adapted the design to suit the specific needs and functionalities of the Car Shop App. This prototype served as a valuable reference, contributing to the aesthetically pleasing and user-friendly interface of the application.

Thank you to the Figma community for providing resources that inspire and facilitate the creative process.
